hi viewers I'm here to warn you not to
buy the sony bravia flat screen LCD
television and i'm going to give you my
reasons why they're all true and they're
all good reasons so i'm going to show
you the problem i go turn on the power
from here i turn on the television with
the remote so usually when the green
light turns on image pops up and then
sound but this is what I've been getting
and this television is really only a
year and a half years old I've had it
since april 2010 and it's january to
2012 so this is the action i've been
getting which is red blinking now I
looked up this issue online and there
seems to be several other YouTube videos
separate from me with the exact same
television problem with the exact same
product from sony sony bravia and
there's been a ton of other like
inquiries into the same issue so i don't
think i'm the only person experiencing
this problem with this television and
many other main many of you might be
looking up this issue for the same
factor now reason number two not to go
to get a sony prodigious because the
customer relations is just terrible
they're not willing to help you at all
and it matter of fact you know try to
ask them if they could help compensate
for any of the repair and you know they
give me a very hard time they wouldn't
give me anything and then um they kind
of like force or they really demanded
that i use a Sony's licensed repair shop
on the and the repair shops that they
pointed me to are you know five miles
away from my home
and I looked up reviews on their Sony
license repair shops they all have
terrible reviews terrible terrible and
these are reviews I found online mmm I'm
going to read you a couple of reviews
and this is one shop in Manhattan the
quote is the staff is rude made me feel
like I was disturbing them I had to put
up with rude and condescending staff
slow service over price benchmark bench
charges um and here's a different repair
shop and and they it has 30 31 star
reviews let's see strongly recommend you
not to come here very rude
unprofessional stay away from this
company not qualified another review
says people are in bed these people are
in bed with the extended service
suppliers they sit well on their hands
while the TV rots away and they take
take took two months to fix my
television which is not normal and the
last quote is extremely rude staff took
over three months to fix a simple
problem so these are the people that
Sony are requiring you to get your
television fixed in order for them to
even evaluate your case and think about
giving you any money now at the end I
you know got a quote from one of their
repair people and the quote to fix this
television was four hundred dollars now
I bought this television for a thousand
two hundred so you do the math you know
is it worth four hundred dollars to fix
it and the last reason i'm going to give
you is this is a quote that is from the
sony social media manager that i finally
got in contact with and I spoke to him
and his quote is and this is from our
conference phone conversation Sony makes
over 4 million 40 million
televisions a year some of them are
bound to break so potential Sony
television buyer good luck if you're
going to buying one of their televisions
because you could buy the ones that
could break alright goodbye